I called a Math.max with the arguments 20 and 15 put in,
we'll return the value 20, which is an int.
From the general description of this function and the description of the return,
we know from the documentation that this function is expected to
output the larger of its two input arguments.
And in this case 20 is larger than 15 so we expect 20 to be returned.
We also know that it returns an int because of its return type right here,
where it says public static int max so
even though this is the first time you've seen this function max in this course,
just by reading this documentation,
you know how to use it and what to expect as output.
You know how to use it,
what parameters it takes in,
and what it returns.
So documentation is really useful.